https://codepen.io/Wei-Wu/pen/zYKGVeP?editors=1100
    1. What is Semantic HTML? 
	Semantic HTML is the usage of HTML that describes the meaning of the content of the HTML.
    2. What is HTML used for? 
	HTML is used for creating the content on a website.
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
	Attributes are keywords put in the opening tag to modify that tag
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
	A h1 tag is used for titles, or anything you would want a user to see first. It should only be used once per page.
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
	The <a> tag and <link> tag
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
	The head requires a <title> tag and optional <meta> tags or <link> tags
    7. What is an id? 
	Id is a attribute used to set a identifier for a tag, that identifier will be tied to the tag and cannot be used again on a different tag.
    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
	You can set ids to any element.
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
	Once.
    10. What is a class? 
	A class is also a identifier like an id but can be put on any number of tags. 
    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
	All elements.
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
	As many as required.
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
	add the attribute target to the a tag and set the value to "_blank"
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
	The alt attribute is used for screen readers.
    15. How do I reference an id?
	#idname
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
	While they both have the same functionality, section is part of Semantic HTML and is a self-describing tag while div is not.
    17. What is CSS used for? 
	CSS is used to style the webpage.
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
	h2{}
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
	Class can be put on multiple elements while an id can only one element, you would use a class when you want to modify multiple tags with the same css
	and you would use a id when you only want to modify one element.
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
	With periods, .classname
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
	p.human{}
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
	A selector that targets only the child elements that have a specfic parent element, this could be useful to select only the elements you want to modify.
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
	div a.sidebar{}
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
	Pseudo selectors are used to select specfic states of an element.
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
	line-height
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
	letter-spacing
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
	text-transform: uppercase, lowercase, capitalize;
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
	border: 1px dotted black;
    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
	body{}
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
	/*     */
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
	pwd command
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
	ls command
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
	rm command, it doesn't ask for confirmation and doesn't appear in recycle bin so it is gone forever.
    34. Why should I use version control? 
	version control should be used because it tracks all changes to the project and allows people to revert changes if mistakes occur.
    35. How often should I commit to github?
	Every 20 mins or so.
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
	git push -u origin branchname
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow.
	Fork the repo, clone it onto our machine,  create a branch, add any changes, commit the changes, push the changes onto github, then make a pull request.
